# Medical_Spreadsheet
This is a program consisting of a spreadsheet specifically made for organizing medical data of different patients. I chose to do a medical spreadsheet as I am deeply interested in medical science and human physiology. When I decided to do a project related to medical science, the one thing that came to my mind was a medical spreadsheet for patients in a hospital. Most medical reports require a lot of information about the patients such as height, age, weight, gender etc. This is why I decided to do my report in the style of inbody.
The main window of the project consists of two search boxes where one can be used to search patient information with either name or the number. The other search box can be used to search patient information with the Inbody search date. There is also a button named "Full List" where once clicked, the full list of the patients recorded shows in the spreadsheet. There are also two buttons: one is "Sign Up" and the other one is "Delete Member". The "Sign Up" button directs the user to another window called the "Signup Window" where the user can sign up a new patient with the information required. More details about the "Signup Window" will be stated later.
Then there is the actual spreadsheet. The spreadsheet consists of 6 pieces of data for each patient. They are name, number, height, age, sex and member info. The member info is a separate button right next to the spreadsheet. Once clicked, a new window will pop up. This window is called the "Image Window". It shows each image of the patients starting from patient number 1 in increasing order. The images can be viewed by clicking the button "next" to view the image of the patient with the number 1 greater than the current patient number. The button "previous" lets the user view the image of the patient with the number 1 smaller than the current patient number.
The "Signup Window" is a window that lets the user sign up a new patient to the spreadsheet by inputting the 6 details required for the spreadsheet as shown above. The name, number, height and age can be typed in the textbox right next to each data. The gender shows two buttons indicating "male" or "female". Then the picture of the patient can be added by pressing the "Upload File" button right next to the "Info" label. Once, these are filled in, the user can press the "Sign Up" button and the new patient will be recorded and shown in the spreadsheet.
The "Delete Member" button deletes the complete information of a patient in the spreadsheet. Once clicked, a pop up will appear, indicating a text box. In this text box, the user can type the patient number of the patient and press the "Ok" button. Once done, the information of that patient will be deleted from the spreadsheet.
So, how is this spreadsheet any better or different from spreadsheet programs such as excel or google spreadsheets? As mentioned before, this is a spreadsheet designed to record data of patients. In other spreadsheet programs, the user has to input every single detail of the patient in the spreadsheet itself. In this program, it is much more convenient and efficient to sign up a new patient with the simple "Signup Window". Also, in other spreadsheets, the user has to delete every single data of the patient to delete the patient's information. In this program, the user only has to input the number of the patient and the entire information of the patient will be deleted in an instant. Additionally, in other spreadsheets, the user has to add the actual image of the patient in the spreadsheet itself. When the number of the patients increase, the number of images will increase. This will most likely slow down the program processing all the images and showing it to the user. In contrast, this program consists another individual window letting the user view the images of the patients. Therefore, I can assure that, for storing and organizing medical data for patients, this program is the best option.
